Migrate Standard integrations section (#23137)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/billing/custom_metrics.md

  tags: ['custom metrics billing']
---

> If a metric is not submitted from one of the [more than {{< translate key="integration_count" >}} Datadog integrations][1] it's considered a [custom metric][2]<sup>[(1)][14]</sup>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a metric is not submitted from one of the [more than {{< translate key="integration_count" >}} Datadog integrations][1] it's considered a [custom metric][2]. Certain standard integrations can also potentially emit customer metrics. For more information, see [Custom metrics and standard integrations][14].
```

> If a metric is not submitted from one of the [more than {{< translate key="integration_count" >}} Datadog integrations][1] it's considered a [custom metric][2]. Certain standard integrations can also potentially emit customer metrics. For more information, see [Custom metrics and standard integrations][14].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a metric is not submitted from one of the [more than {{< translate key="integration_count" >}} Datadog integrations][1] it's considered a [custom metric][2]. Certain standard integrations can also potentially emit custom metrics. For more information, see [Custom metrics and standard integrations][14].
```
